README.md, before:

# Resource Principle function for returning the compartments of a User's Tenancy.

This function uses Resource Principles to securely receive information about the user's information from OCI and returns a list of all compartments within the tenancy regardless of region.

  Uses the [OCI Python SDK](https://oracle-cloud-infrastructure-python-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) to create a client that receive user information when called in the OCI or a valid config file exists.


Pre-requisites:
===============
    Start by making sure all of your policies are correct from this [guide](https://preview.oci.oraclecorp.com/iaas/Content/Functions/Tasks/functionscreatingpolicies.htm?tocpath=Services%7CFunctions%7CPreparing%20for%20Oracle%20Functions%7CConfiguring%20Your%20Tenancy%20for%20Function%20Development%7C_____4)
    Download [rp.py] and [functions_client.py]

  Have [Fn CLI setup with Oracle Functions](https://preview.oci.oraclecorp.com/iaas/Content/Functions/Tasks/functionsconfiguringclient.htm?tocpath=Services%7CFunctions%7CPreparing%20for%20Oracle%20Functions%7CConfiguring%20Your%20Client%20Environment%20for%20Function%20Development%7C_____0)
    ### Switch to correct Context
      ```
        fn use context <your context name>
      ```
      Check using fn ls apps

  ### (Optional) Have a config file in the ~/.oci directory
    If you would like to call the function from the command line you will need a valid config file.
    If you do not have one, go [here](https://preview.oci.oraclecorp.com/iaas/Content/Functions/Tasks/functionsconfigureocicli.htm?tocpath=Services%7CFunctions%7CPreparing%20for%20Oracle%20Functions%7CConfiguring%20Your%20Client%20Environment%20for%20Function%20Development%7C_____2)

Create application
==================
  Get the python boilerplate by running:
    ```
      fn init --runtime python <function-name>
    ```
    e.g.
    ```
      fn init --runtime python list-compartments
    ```
    Enter the directory.

  #### Create an Application that is connected to Oracle Functions
    ```
      fn create app <app-name> --annotation oracle.com/oci/subnetIds='["<subnet-ocid>"]'
    ```
        You can find the subnet-ocid by logging on to cloud.oracle.com, navigating to
        Core Infrastructure > Networking > Virtual Cloud Networks. Make sure you are in
        the correct Region and Compartment, click on your VNC and select the subnet you wish to use.

    e.g.
    ```
      fn create app resource-principal --annotation oracle.com/oci/subnetIds=["ocid1.subnet.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaacnh..."]'
    ```

Writing the Function
====================
  #### Requirements
    Update your requirements.txt file to contain the following:
      ```
        fdk
        oci-cli
      ```

  #### Open func.py
    Update the imports so that you contain the following.
      ```
        import io
        import json
        import sys
        import importlib
        from fdk import response

        import oci.identity
        sys.path.append(".")
        import rp
        import functions_client
      ```

        By calling "sys.path.append(".")" the Python interpreter is able to import
        the two Python modules (rp.py, functions_client) in your directory that you downloaded earlier.


    #### The Handler method
      this is what is called when the function is invoked by Oracle Functions, delete what is given from the boilerplate and update it to contain the following:
      ```
        provider = rp.ResourcePrincipalProvider() # initialized provider here
        resp = do(provider)
        return response.Response(
            ctx, response_data=json.dumps(resp),
            headers={"Content-Type": "application/json"}
        )
      ```
    #### The do method
      Create the following method.
      ```
        def do(provider):
      ```
      This is where we'll put the bulk of our code that will connect to OCI and return the list of compartments in our tenancy.
      ```
        client = oci.identity.IdentityClient(provider.config, signer=provider.signer)
          # OCI API for managing users, groups, compartments, and policies.

          try:
              # Returns a list of all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy (root compartment)
              compartments = client.list_compartments(provider.tenancy, compartment_id_in_subtree=True, access_level='ANY')

              # Create a list that holds a list of the compartments id and name next to each other.
              # e.g. [ [1234, root], [5678, child]]
              compartments = [[c.id, c.name] for c in compartments.data]

          except Exception as e:
              compartments = str(e)

          resp = {
                   "compartments": compartments,
                  }

          return resp
      ```
      Here we are creating an [IdentityClient](https://oracle-cloud-infrastructure-python-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/identity/client/oci.identity.IdentityClient.html?highlight=IdentityClient) from the Python SDK, which allows us to connect to OCI with the provider's data we get from Resource Principles and it allows us to make a call to identity services for information on our compartments.

    ### Command Line Usage
      If you want to be able to invoke this function from the command line, copy and paste this at the bottom of your code.
      ```
        def main():
          # If run from the command-line, fake up the provider by using stock user credentials
          provider = rp.MockResourcePrincipalProvider()
          resp = do(provider)
          print((resp))
          print(json.dumps(resp))


        if __name__ == '__main__':
          main()
      ```
Test
====
  #### Deploy the function using
    ```
      fn -v deploy --app <your app name>
    ```
    e.g.
    ```
    fn -v deploy --app resource-principles
    ```
  #### Invoke the function
    ```
      fn invoke <your app name> <your function name>
    ```
    e.g.
    ```
      fn invoke resource-principles list-compartments
    ```
    Upon success, you should see all of the compartments in your tenancy appear in your terminal.

Commit message:

Updated README to include creating an __init__ file

README.md, after:

# Resource Principle function for returning the compartments of a User's Tenancy.

This function uses Resource Principles to securely receive information about the user's information from OCI and returns a list of all compartments within the tenancy regardless of region.

  Uses the [OCI Python SDK](https://oracle-cloud-infrastructure-python-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) to create a client that receive user information when called in the OCI or a valid config file exists.


Pre-requisites:
===============
    Start by making sure all of your policies are correct from this [guide](https://preview.oci.oraclecorp.com/iaas/Content/Functions/Tasks/functionscreatingpolicies.htm?tocpath=Services%7CFunctions%7CPreparing%20for%20Oracle%20Functions%7CConfiguring%20Your%20Tenancy%20for%20Function%20Development%7C_____4)
    Download [rp.py] and [functions_client.py]

  Have [Fn CLI setup with Oracle Functions](https://preview.oci.oraclecorp.com/iaas/Content/Functions/Tasks/functionsconfiguringclient.htm?tocpath=Services%7CFunctions%7CPreparing%20for%20Oracle%20Functions%7CConfiguring%20Your%20Client%20Environment%20for%20Function%20Development%7C_____0)
    ### Switch to correct Context
      ```
        fn use context <your context name>
      ```
      Check using fn ls apps

  ### (Optional) Have a config file in the ~/.oci directory
    If you would like to call the function from the command line you will need a valid config file.
    If you do not have one, go [here](https://preview.oci.oraclecorp.com/iaas/Content/Functions/Tasks/functionsconfigureocicli.htm?tocpath=Services%7CFunctions%7CPreparing%20for%20Oracle%20Functions%7CConfiguring%20Your%20Client%20Environment%20for%20Function%20Development%7C_____2)

Create application
==================
  Get the python boilerplate by running:
    ```
      fn init --runtime python <function-name>
    ```
    e.g.
    ```
      fn init --runtime python list-compartments
    ```
    Enter the directory, create a new __init__.py file so the directory can be recognized as a package by Python.

    ```
    touch __init__.py
    ```

  #### Create an Application that is connected to Oracle Functions
    ```
      fn create app <app-name> --annotation oracle.com/oci/subnetIds='["<subnet-ocid>"]'
    ```
        You can find the subnet-ocid by logging on to cloud.oracle.com, navigating to
        Core Infrastructure > Networking > Virtual Cloud Networks. Make sure you are in
        the correct Region and Compartment, click on your VNC and select the subnet you wish to use.

    e.g.
    ```
      fn create app resource-principal --annotation oracle.com/oci/subnetIds=["ocid1.subnet.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaacnh..."]'
    ```

Writing the Function
====================
  #### Requirements
    Update your requirements.txt file to contain the following:
      ```
        fdk
        oci-cli
      ```

  #### Open func.py
    Update the imports so that you contain the following.
      ```
        import io
        import json
        import sys
        import importlib
        from fdk import response

        import oci.identity
        sys.path.append(".")
        import rp
        import functions_client
      ```

        By calling "sys.path.append(".")" the Python interpreter is able to import
        the two Python modules (rp.py, functions_client) in your directory that you downloaded earlier.


    #### The Handler method
      this is what is called when the function is invoked by Oracle Functions, delete what is given from the boilerplate and update it to contain the following:
      ```
        provider = rp.ResourcePrincipalProvider() # initialized provider here
        resp = do(provider)
        return response.Response(
            ctx, response_data=json.dumps(resp),
            headers={"Content-Type": "application/json"}
        )
      ```
    #### The do method
      Create the following method.
      ```
        def do(provider):
      ```
      This is where we'll put the bulk of our code that will connect to OCI and return the list of compartments in our tenancy.
      ```
        client = oci.identity.IdentityClient(provider.config, signer=provider.signer)
          # OCI API for managing users, groups, compartments, and policies.

          try:
              # Returns a list of all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy (root compartment)
              compartments = client.list_compartments(provider.tenancy, compartment_id_in_subtree=True, access_level='ANY')

              # Create a list that holds a list of the compartments id and name next to each other.
              # e.g. [ [1234, root], [5678, child]]
              compartments = [[c.id, c.name] for c in compartments.data]

          except Exception as e:
              compartments = str(e)

          resp = {
                   "compartments": compartments,
                  }

          return resp
      ```
      Here we are creating an [IdentityClient](https://oracle-cloud-infrastructure-python-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/identity/client/oci.identity.IdentityClient.html?highlight=IdentityClient) from the Python SDK, which allows us to connect to OCI with the provider's data we get from Resource Principles and it allows us to make a call to identity services for information on our compartments.

    ### Command Line Usage
      If you want to be able to invoke this function from the command line, copy and paste this at the bottom of your code.
      ```
        def main():
          # If run from the command-line, fake up the provider by using stock user credentials
          provider = rp.MockResourcePrincipalProvider()
          resp = do(provider)
          print((resp))
          print(json.dumps(resp))


        if __name__ == '__main__':
          main()
      ```
Test
====
  #### Deploy the function using
    ```
      fn -v deploy --app <your app name>
    ```
    e.g.
    ```
    fn -v deploy --app resource-principles
    ```
  #### Invoke the function
    ```
      fn invoke <your app name> <your function name>
    ```
    e.g.
    ```
      fn invoke resource-principles list-compartments
    ```
    Upon success, you should see all of the compartments in your tenancy appear in your terminal.
